# Blackjack
Blackjack is played with a "deck" (pile) of 52 cards. The front of each card shows symbols and numbers that identify the card. The back of each card is identical, so that you cannot tell which card it is by looking at the back. Each card has one of 4 possible "suits": spades, hearts, clubs, or diamonds. Each suit has its own special symbol. Spade and club cards have black symbols and numbers on the front, while heart and diamond cards have red symbols. Each card also has one of 13 possible "faces": ace (A), 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, jack (J), queen (Q), or king (K). The face of a card determines its numerical scoring value. Numbered cards are worth their number of points. Jacks, queens, and kings are all worth 10 points each. Aces can be worth 1 point or 11 points, depending on the circumstances.

A player's "hand" is the set of cards the player currently holds. The score of the hand is the sum of the point values of its cards. The goal in blackjack is to acquire a hand whose score is as high as possible without going over 21. The point value of an ace card is whatever is most advantageous to the player: 1 or 11, whichever would bring the score of the player's hand closer to 21 without exceeding it.

A game of blackjack may involve any number of players (but for our purposes, three or fewer), and always exactly one "dealer": the person who "deals" (hands out) the cards. Players compete against the dealer, not against each other. A player's goal in a round of blackjack is to have a higher score than the dealer, without going over 21 ("busting").
